hi everyone how you
doing all right I could not pick a more
appropriate walk-on song Thank you for
Shak It Off acoustic Edition I
appreciate that I'm a huge Swifty but
it's very appropriate for we're going to
talk about cuz I am fired up to talk
about something extremely motivational
for Friday afternoon I want to talk
about failure this is going to be
amazing everyone it's all about failure
because I I don't know about you but
I've failed a bunch of times I've you
know been doing s in running companies
for a while and I found this great quote
on the internet I don't actually know
who said it but it said I never make the
same mistake twice I make it five or six
times just to be sure right and that's
what I'm going to talk about is mistakes
I've made over and over again and kind
of what's gotten me to where we're at
and a gains side and what we're all
learning through together now one caveat
sort of a background I I'll give you to
this um some of you may or may not know
this when we defined our purpose
statement at gain site we didn't go with
the typical change the world or build a
huge company or anything else we said we
want to be living proof you can win in
business while being human first and
this is like something we talk a lot
about human first and part of part of
human first the fact that we're all
human beings is being open to
vulnerability we're not always perfect
you know to be honest I've had a heck of
a year both personally and work-wise and
it's hard and I don't know about all of
you maybe you all feel sass is crushing
it this year and if that's true I'd love
to learn from you but it's not an easy
year probably for a lot of us so I'd
love to open up a discussion maybe it is
a good closing of the conference about
being open about mistakes and I'd love
to teach you all the mistakes I've made
now I'll give you a background to this
which is the way this talk started was
maybe six or nine months ago Jason Lin
who I've been very fortunate to know
since the beginning of gain site he
emailed me and he said Nick I'd love to
have you write a blog post about the top
10 mistakes you've made and I was like
okay so I'm the go-to guy for mistakes
apparently for Jason right that's when
he thinks in his mind about mistakes he
thinks about me but you know what I'll
take that because I think I have made a
lot but also I've learned a lot and
hopefully you all are learning along the
journey too right raise your hand if you
think you made a mistake in your
business at some point okay thank
goodness and the rest of you are aren't
honest so let's keep let's go through 10
mistakes and we'll do like an AMA at the
end cuz I think there's a lot of
questions we can all ask and frankly I'd
love to learn from all you as well CU
I'm still learning okay so number one
these are in no particular order they're
just kind of random stream of
Consciousness number one so many of you
are building companies some of you
probably have leadership teams maybe
they're getting bigger the number one
mistake or one of the mistakes I've made
is not holding our leaders to the
highest possible standards um actually
just yesterday an entrepreneur texted me
and he said what's the reason
entrepreneurs fail to scale very common
thing you hear about people don't scale
they bring in other people and I think
it's not being able to hold people to
the standards that you hold yourself
right and that's you think about values
you think about performance what are
those things that matter A Lot To You
Are you able to hold the people that
work for you to those same standards
right and I think one of the things
that's really important is in leadership
there's a great expression some of you
know to those whose much is given much
is expected and I was tell my leaders
you know we have about 1,300 people at
gain site I say you know you're running
a pretty large company you're expected
to do a lot and it's hard you should be
super honest actually I just literally
right before this put a slack post to my
leadership team and I said this isn't an
easy year and I have a lot of empathy
for you and we have to hold ourselves to
the highest standards because our team
depends on that and so this first thing
what it's motivated by at gain
is we are a very values driven company
we have these five values they're kind
of zany some of you know them like one
of them is childlike Joy bring the kid
in you to work every day one of them is
stay thirsty my friends which might be a
copyright violation from dois I don't
know right so I've always we've had
these since the very beginning of the
company and I've always been really
passionate about them you know I could
recite these in my sleep I could tell
you an hourlong talk about examples at
gain site of what we've tried to do over
the years and also where we've failed to
live up to our values these really
matter to me funny little side note I
was in the early days of gain site I was
at a kind of a CEO breakfast trying to
learn from all these other CEOs and
every CEO around and said went around
and said our values are really important
to our company they're so critical it's
important to have values and I asked one
of the CEO so what are your company's
values and he said actually I don't
really remember them right now and I I
was like well for a gain site these are
really really important but I got we do
employee surveys you know every six
months or whatever right many of you do
them and I remember doing a survey
probably about five years ago and I
remember asking people you know the
normal stuff you know rate the company
How likely are you to recommend the
company things like that right and then
there's these like free text boxes you
know what are the things we can do
better what are the things that we're
not doing well that kind of stuff and
I'm still that crazy person that
literally reads every comment even
though we have 1300 people I read like
the 5,000 comments just to learn and I
remember reading those comments maybe it
was a few hundred back then and one of
the comments said I wish Nick you would
hold your leaders to the same stand same
standard of values that you hold
yourself and that was so brutal for me
to read right cuz what that meant was we
weren't living up to to our values as a
leadership team right and I don't know
what specific one they were talking
about but for me that was a wake up call
it was like whatever you care about in
your business whether it's being high
achieving whether it's being being
Innovative whether it's your values or
maybe it's just making
money make sure your team the people
that work for you feel that same way and
if they don't get different people the
the whole thing falls apart when you
have some as a Founder CEO entrepreneur
or even if you're a functional leader
and the people underneath you don't
believe the same things it's all a house
of cards and some of you probably worked
in companies where this was true you
know maybe the CEO would get into an all
hands and talk about how important these
values were and then dayto day you
didn't see it right you didn't see it
day to day because the leaders didn't
live up to that and so this first lesson
for me is holding leaders to the highest
standard possible and that means it's
hard to be a leader at gain sight it
really is it's really hard I actually
got one leader in gain sight in our
sales team right here in the audience
it's not easy you have to lead lead your
team you have to live up to the values
you got to hit your performance targets
we're trying to get more profitable it
is not easy but I'm also Unapologetic
because we owe that to our teams so this
the number one for me now what does that
mean practically what does that actually
look like so one of the things I try to
do is say okay for our leaders be really
clear about the expectations you know
we've got these five values we've got an
onboarding program for our employees
about the five values what are the
behaviors to live up to the values what
do you need to do to avoid the negative
things but we have a even higher
standard for the leaders and it's
actually something I edit each year and
when a new leader comes in even before
they take the job I give them this
document there's actually a written form
of this but this is the one slide not
going to read through through all of it
but basically what you can see is the
five columns are the five values against
it right these are the things that we
hold deer since the beginning and then I
list out behaviors that represent these
five values that are like 100% mandatory
for the leaders now some of them are
pretty simple like respond to emails
within 24 hours or slack post which by
the way why do you have to tell people
that but apparently it's still a thing
right uh another one is being radically
transparent I tell everyone everything
get inside about my personal life
numbers were missing you know whatever
right um a third one like childlike Joy
you know bring laughter to what you do
bring creativity Shan means beginner's
mind you know Embrace diversity um stay
thirsty is all about your internal
ambition and drive and we have some
examples there like giving feedback and
taking it but then each year I Define
what are the new ways we need to live up
to these values in the latest phase of
the company we're in a different phase
of the company than we were a few years
ago we're a different phase of the
economy so this year I said five things
number one Golden Rule is one of our
values it means treat people the way you
want to be treated I think part of that
is taking care of yourself and taking
care of others right taking the time off
you need taking the space you need so if
you're a leader you need to own your own
balance of gain site it's not acceptable
to let yourself work all the time and
get burnt out because that sends a
signal to your team and by the you're
not a good leader when you're burnt out
so an example that I've tried to do this
year is I have had a lot of personal
stuff this year and I told people I'm
just not going to travel hardly at all
in the second half of the year and I
used to travel like two days a week I
told everyone this I'm like I'm going to
take care of my family and that's it and
it's that kind of thing where you're
willing to tell people I'm going to own
my own balance and that's something I
expect from our team give you a couple
other examples um disagree and commit
that's a very common thing I think it
came was popularized by Amazon
but disagree and commit with compassion
right it's one thing to be like I don't
think you're right and I don't think
you're thinking about things right and
that's disagree but there's different
ways to do it right about like hey I
really like the spirit of your idea I
know it comes from a good place but I
don't think I think the same way you do
right a third one just as an example in
this stay thirsty con concept is
altitude is a huge thing in leadership
what that means is you need to be able
to operate at 30,000 ft which which is
like what's the long-term vision of our
company and 10,000 ft which is like
what's our plan to get to our next few
years and 100 feet which is like what
are okrs this quarter and three feet
which is what I'm going to do to close
this customer make them happy ship a
feature and I expect my leaders to be
able to operate at all those altitudes
so this isn't the right list for you but
an interesting question whether you're
CEO or you're a functional leader what's
the list of things you expect from your
leaders is it on a slide is it is in an
onboarding document is it something you
really believe in so that's one idea or
mistake that I've made that I've tried
to live up to okay number two which is
some of these are kind of like
paradoxical in a way but in a way that
makes sense to me number two is you know
with your leaders don't forget that
there's some great people that have
gotten you to where you're at that you
don't always recognize can do more in
the company right and this is like gets
me to one of the common mistakes every
founder incl including me makes right
which is you get to a certain point in
your business you but you miss your
sales numbers the product isn't what you
want you know you have too much churn
employees aren't happy and you say one
thing you say you know what to your
board or whatever you're like everything
is fine once we get a new head of x a
new head of sales we're missing our
sales numbers we will hire a new head of
sales maybe some of you have been that
new head of sales we're missing our lead
pipeline we just need a new head of
marketing right and the truth is
sometimes that's true right I've had
some people that came in gain site that
we hired that were Inc incredibly
legendary you know amazing people that
like really changed the company that
were from the outside they had the
experience they had the resume but I got
to admit I have swung and Miss on way
more executive hires than I've actually
hit on and if you have two don't feel
bad it's something that I think a lot of
us do I mean I don't think my batting
average is more than literally like 200
like 20 two out of 10 or something like
that right now on the flip side
if you look at my executive team today
we're 1300 people let me just go through
it Chief customer officer 7 years ago
was a CSM at gain site had a sales n
years ago was a sales rapid gain site
Chief marketing officer uh six years ago
was the person that did sponsorship
sales for gain site CFO was our head of
FP Chief people officer was my chief of
staff right like I can go on and on
almost everyone grew up in the company
now at some point you want to bring it
some outside Talent so we want to kind
of go the other way but at least for me
this idea that like everything is about
bringing new people and hiring the
person I need in the future they've been
at Salesforce or Google or Amazon
they'll show us the way by the way those
are great companies I think often people
Miss more than they hit and this is
especially true now because before
people would often say and Boards would
say you need to hire for the person you
need four years from now right cuz
you're going to be growing so fast and
you need to hire that person that can
help you get to where you need to be I'd
argue first of all most of us aren't
growing as fast as we were a few years
ago and second of all I'd say you kind
of have to hire for the person you need
now and maybe the next year and then
hopefully they grow in the company
mistake number two mistake number three
this a big one from a startup Financial
perspective maybe you've made this
mistake a lot of people made this
mistake in the last couple years not
scal
based on leading indicators now this
gets to one of the big fallacies I would
say exists in software and maybe you've
lived this I want to generate 10 million
of bookings this year okay great my
average sales quot is $1
million I need 10 sales reps and I will
generate the $10 million some of you
might have been there before right and
why not hire 10 more and you'll get $20
million why not hire a thousand sales
reps and you have a billion dollars of
Revenue why you should all do that
tomorrow right and the truth is like
that's such a fallacy it's an old school
concept when there's like one vendor in
a space and infinite demand and so a
gain site we have scaled up too fast
many many many times without leading
into car I'm going to share three like
in the spirit of
vulnerability okay first one so 2015
2014 something like that we closed our
first gigantic Enterprise deal deal 200
$2.6 million of AR the biggest deal we'
done till then was maybe 300 Grand 400
Grand we're high-fiving around the
office I'm sure champagne is being
passed around I don't remember right but
it was a big day and we said this is the
beginning of the next phase of the
company let's hire like 10 Enterprise
reps and sc's and so on and we did built
a team hired a leader we didn't close
our next Million Dollar Plus deal for
like 5 years later literally I'm not
kidding right and that team cycled
through there were great people a lot of
people left so this idea that you get
one big deal and it's the sign of
something new I'd encourage you to get
two or three before you scale
up a second one now this is not as
relevant for very early stage companies
but even if it's a new product you built
scaling up the go to market for that
newly acquired technology or newly built
technology before it's really ready not
just technology wise wi right like
technology has to be ready you need to
be at feature parody or have something
competitive but you don't really know
how to Market it people don't know about
you you don't know how to sell it maybe
it's a different Persona maybe it's a
different industry a lot of people are
like this is awesome we have this new
technology and we're just going to go
scale it by the way a lot of people
includes me so we made that mistake a
third one maybe many of us made here was
in 2022 it was it was in 2021 those were
heck of a good years in SAS right
amazing for many companies our booking
shot through the roof we thought we were
so great like we did I don't know about
yall but I thought it was such a great
CEO and because we're just you soaring
right we were like we have an investor
and we were like the number one
performing company in their portfolio
right and a lot of companies including
gainsight said let's just hire a bunch
more people like literally we went from
like I don't know 800 people that year
to like 1,300 and by the way that's you
might be doubling your company but at
that scale that's a lot of
people and it was a big mistake like the
market was like temporarily in this boom
right you can think of all the companies
that are amazing companies but went
through this very publicly like zoom and
others right amazing companies but they
had this huge temporary jump and then it
came down and now they're still great
companies but it's hard to go through
that so that this learning about what
are my early leading indicators and and
there's a great way to think about this
so there's a famous author in business
named Jim he's written good to Great
like some of you might have read his
books and he has this great quote fire
bullets not cannonballs and the basic
idea is when you have something new
you're thinking about it's like a new
product a new go to market maybe you're
maybe you're going to sell in a new
region fire a bullet meaning make a
small experiment hire two sales reps or
three spend $100,000 on marketing right
don't assume that just cuz you've gotten
a lot of succcess in your first business
you can just just go immediately into
this next business fire a bullet not a
cannonball mistake number four so this
is a big one that many of you are
probably in the very beginning of okay
and if I had to give you one like lesson
from somebody who's made huge mistakes
that we can never really recover from
it's this so you will have a customer
maybe you have one now Prospect and
they'll say okay I get your pricing is
$200 a month right and it's like you
have a onee contract I what I'd really
like to do is have a three year contract
with the onee opt out in the beginning
and pay you on quarterly terms and not
pay you on the actual the users you've
signed up for but the the the computed
users based on consumption and actually
have a Max and a minimum and you're like
this entrepreneur that's kind of
desperate which I was you're like sure
we'll do that right it's like one
customer and then one customer turns
into three or four and then you have
like gainsight where like 1,300
customers I don't know 1,200 different
pricing model something like that and I
would just say it's a trap right it is
totally a trap and now that doesn't mean
shouldn't be flexible to customers you
should I remember some of you probably
know alassian like one of the greatest
software companies of all time somebody
from Elian here go go lassan what's that
a Aussie there you go it's aie lassan is
an Aussie company and uh J Simons used
to be the president of alassian and I
got to know him he's amazing and he
presented this like chart where alassian
very famously did no contracts no
negotiation you buy jira you pay a
certain price that's it right and he
showed this chart like Goldman Sachs
buying jira and Goldman Sachs just
literally bought jira like a seed at a
time or whatever and at some point
Goldman Sachs presented offer to atasan
that we'll pay a lot more and we'll get
a discount and so on and atasan said no
and elian's revenue was much more than
that contract could have been a few
years later that's not appropriate for
everyone we're not alasan I'm not we're
not alasan but I think there's some
element of having some level of
discipline cuz frankly a lot of those
deals at the end of the quarter that you
push in because it's a special pricing
model you're desperate to get your
number maybe you buy their product if
they buy yours I'm sure none of you have
done that before maybe we've done that a
couple times almost all of those blow up
later on they're bad customer success
they're impossible to scale and
specifically they create this problem
where if you didn't invest in those
pricing and those systems and all that
UPF front later on you end up with a lot
of complexity for your customers right
like how do I even renew this thing the
your team becomes super frustrated like
sales and CS because they're like doing
a quote takes like an hour right and it
becomes hard to do analysis like how
much are we growing what are our
discount rates and so on you probably
aren't dealing with these problems now
if you're early stage companies but if
you make these mistakes of doing
whatever every deal wants you will
absolutely have them a few years later
so the lesson here is be really C
careful about custom deals that feel
very tempting in the
moment number five this is such a
freaking commercial but and not in
investing in digital customer success
early enough that's what we do right so
of course but I think I really believe
in it because eventually you hire a ton
of people and it's kind of chaos and so
obviously we think that like getting to
the point where you really scale through
digital not just like what gainsight
does but just every kind of selfservice
thing you can do everything you can do
to not hire a ton of csms and support
people early on right make it way more
self-service then the people you hire
will be much more value at there are so
many companies out there that hirees
csms as a Band-Aid over the customer
experience over the product I would work
on those things first even though that
might lengthen your sales cycle for
buying gain site right and like you know
we have a whole Playbook and go to our
website of things you should do to
improve Digital customer success some of
them related to gain site some not I'm
not going to go through this one in
detail okay number six because I want to
make sure we have time for
Q&A number six this one's very close to
home for me matters because of this
human first thing I talked about not
parting ways well always now
unfortunately in business there's a lot
of parting ways this year there's been a
lot and that parting ways is hard now
there's two kinds of ways you can part
ways right the company can part ways
with the teammate which is tough or the
teammate can part ways with the company
which is also tough right both of those
right it's like I'm from Seinfeld I'm
breaking up with you no I'm breaking up
with you right that's what happens and
you know the the truth is that a lot of
companies don't part way as well right
some you it's very well known that some
do the riffs well and some not that's
not I'm going to talk about I going talk
about the other side at this LinkedIn
post it said seriously question why are
so many companies weird to teammates
when they leave and you can see more of
this and it is the most commented shared
post I've ever read ever posted
thousands of comments and it was
heartbreaking because everyone's sharing
stories about they left a company and
they never spoke to me anymore they
walked me out the door they treated me
like I was dead to them they would never
ever ever help me in the future and it
just breaks my heart it's just like
really sad that somebody that works for
you that did so much for you leaves the
company after doing some great things
and you treat them like they're dead
right that's just horrible right and so
for me I've even made this mistake once
or twice I never treated anyone like
they're dead but I remember making
people two people actually in her
history feel bad for leaving and then
later on with good relationship but for
me I would say and again I'm biased but
end every relationship with a teammate
in a human first way whether it's you
doing a riff and somebody leaving and
honestly like when we've done those I
try to call every person and say how can
I help you with your job search try to
help or they leave and they announce
their new job and you like celebrate
them on LinkedIn you know sometimes I
literally it's crazy I will send the
person a bottle of champagne for getting
their new job I know it's weird right
why would you do that but eventually
build a great Alumni network that just
pick one my favorite Brian hlin was our
head of sales several years ago he's an
amazing guy and you know like I celebr
him LinkedIn for his new job I'm talking
to him on Thursday about career advice
right he's happy with his job but just
like how does he keep growing his career
how does become a CEO one day right I
talk to probably hundreds of gangsters
ex gainster alumni about their career
advice like people will call me three
jobs later for advice and it feels so
great for me it's not about me it's
about building that relationship by the
way your alumni can be refers for jobs
they can be customers so treat your
people well when they leave getting back
to a little more intellectual part of
business not being prescriptive enough
early enough so many of you early stage
entrepreneurs we were at some point and
we built some of you know we our first
product was like software to scale
customer success teams 2013 people
didn't even know what a customer success
team was now why did we build software
for teams that didn't exist I don't even
know that probably wasn't a good idea at
the time we had to wait a while but
early on we had this software it was
like you know score your customer risk
or manage workflow and we would go into
an
implementation and the customer would
say the following which you all hear how
should we Implement your software and we
would say I don't know what would you
suggest we do and the customer say well
what would you suggest we do and we had
no idea because we're this little
startup but the problem is we went too
long with that like letting everyone
implement in totally different ways some
of you might have done this right
customer a wants to implement a certain
way customer B randomly wants to do a
different way right here's the problems
over time the back and forth is where
long time Dev value comes from people
always talk about time to Value I'd
argue the biggest part of time to value
is not your technology it's how people
implement it because people spend a lot
of time on indecision how should I use
this you know you've all used products
where you're like okay what do I do
first right and sometimes in inapp guide
can help sometimes your community can
help sometimes just a methodology and
best practice can help what does your
implementation team do do they or your
customer success team do they get on the
call and say how would you like to
implement this or do they say here's a
methodology for what our other customers
do we'll do it whatever way you want but
here's our recommendation customers want
to do things in the way that other
customers do things they don't want to
be like the snowflake totally different
right and one of the things that happens
is if you let people be different they
will all be different and it's really
hard because they can't all learn from
each other they give you different
product road map requests that don't
even make sense it's hard to ramp new
teammates because new people come in
they're like okay so how do we implement
this what's our methodology like well if
you spend five years here you understand
it right because you need to know all
these things and that doesn't make sense
now it's hard too because you kind of
need to get everyone on the same page
sales marketing like what is our value
prop how do we implement this stuff you
need to have like the implementation for
each stakeholder that might mean
different things for like the sea level
person versus the end user you have to
keep it up to date as your product
changes and we have to like coach our
team to be brave to tell the customer
yeah we'll do whatever you want but
here's what we recommend we have 1,300
customers of gain site most likely we've
done this more often than you so here's
our recommendation the bigger you get
the more you have opportunity to do that
right and so I would recommend that if
you're in the early days do this soon
because all this is easier when you have
50 customers and it's much harder when
you have 1,300 or 5,000 or whatever so
what does this look like a gain site you
actually can find this on the web like a
code site code is like a documentation
you know collaboration thing and you can
go find our go on our website and it'll
say what are the business outcomes you
want in terms of customer success reduce
churn Drive expansion and it literally
go and this is how you should Implement
gain site for that here's the workflows
here the best practices and our team
uses this to basically sell gain site
our recommendations and Implement gain
sight manage the CSM process renew show
the value of gain sight so for me this
prescriptive methodology is something
very practical you can all do in the
next year or two okay number eight
getting towards the end so one of the
things that happens in the early days of
a company is you're like growing like
crazy like I think our AR early on was
like 1 million and then 5 million and
then 16 and then 30 those pretty good
right um not snowflake but it's pretty
good but then one of the things that
happens is every business gets to the
point where they need what people call
an act two act two which is basically
like what's the next thing you're going
to do an act two could be a new
geography a new segment of the market
maybe sell to Enterprise you want to go
to SB it could be uh a new channel maybe
there's a partner for you could be a new
product right and one of the problems is
if you don't think about that stuff
early you end up dealing with gravity
and the gravity is this every Market has
a certain number of buyers and
eventually get to the point where you
started selling to a lot of those buyers
now doesn't mean you won't sell to more
buyers but often like the number of new
buyers like the number of new logos
grows grows grows and then flattens out
right and so that logo count maybe you
did the first year you did 10 logos
second year you did 20 or 30 the next
year you did 60 then next year you did
80 but then you did 85 and then you did
87 and then you did 90 so again tying to
our ARR I think it was 1 to 5 to 16 to
30 and there's like 48 that was 61 right
and we didn't do anything wrong it's
just like we started having the same
number of logos year so what that means
is like your new bookings flatten out if
you have one product and this is tough
because like if you wait too long it'll
look like your company is flattening out
and by the way it's much harder to raise
money when your company's slowing down
it's much harder to get people excited
when you're slowing down and so for us
we saw this slow down roughly around 50
million AR I have a whole blog post on
this by the way um and what happened was
honestly we were selling to SAS
companies there was only a certain
number in 2016 right lot more now and we
were just Bound by the Tim I would drive
up like I live here and you know this
highway 101 I drive up and down it and
they you know back then people had
offices right and there'd be the logos
on the top of the building I'd be like
okay I pitched that customer their
customer their customer I pitched that
customer everyone every single company
we either pitched or they'd bought every
single one I was like oh jeez we're Tam
constraint now eventually our Tam grew
and then for us we became what I call
platform company meaning we have four
products now Community Education Ana
guides customer success more coming
right but I wish we' started all that
earlier and for you it might not be more
products could be more geographies
something but don't let it wait till you
start flattening out till you figure out
your next act because if you don't like
you are going to slow down and one of
the things very practically I wish I'd
done is build a database of your
addressable market now I don't mean that
BS slide you show to investors that says
you're addressable Market is like 10
billion or a trillion dollar I mean the
real one who are the buyers that could
buy from you there's maybe a thousand
like back in the day there Frost there
were probably like 200 companies that
could buy from us and maybe now there's
5,000 who are they where are they in
their process track the people at those
companies so for us it's like who's the
head of customer success of that company
how many CSM are they hiring what do we
think we could sell them right build
that Tam database now you can use a
third party data set like a zoom info or
whatever which are great but they take
that data and build your own database I
wish we had done that earlier we're
doing that now actually number nine huge
one for me I particularly a few years
ago had massive massive fomo like like I
would be here speaking here I'm like is
there brother speaking engagement in one
of these other stages I should be at
like I would always have fomo and one of
the problems is there's all this fomo in
Tech and people aren't really open about
the challenges
this company just raised a lot of money
this company just went public like
clavio is this amazing company going
public you look at their numbers like
how could I ever be like that snowflake
right data bricks and so you have this
fear of missing out what's wrong with me
that I'm not like that now I would say
at the beginning of gain site again this
is way before many of you working 2013
there's all these companies that are
super hot like super hot raise money
Tech crunch or whatever headlines
billion dollar startups and you know
some of them are gone honestly we're
still here and so I'd say to quote you
know one of my other favorite influences
Hamilton sometimes you got to wait for
it it's like Aon Burr right you got to
wait for it and be patient not doesn't
mean like if there's no Market you
should spend your whole life doing
nothing right but be willing to be
patient I would say gainsight and me
we're definitely the tortoise not the
hair there's no way we're not the hair
but we just kept going kind of
persistent right and just like waited
for it for our Market to arrive for our
business to be there and if you don't
believe in your business don't wait for
it but for me I was like look this is
going to eventually happen like customer
success s it's going to eventually
happen and honestly it would piss me off
if we threw in the towel and somebody
else took advantage of that right so we
just kept going and going and going
right okay last one number 10 not being
myself this is very easy for all of us
to do right you can tell I have a
certain style certain style of wardrobe
whatever right and I remember we did our
we did this conference called pulse it's
kind of like the industry event for
customer success the first year 300
people showed up we in this like
Ballroom in a hotel maybe something like
this in a hotel though not like an
outdoor Amphitheater here and I did this
talk and this talk was like the one I'm
doing now like not scripted I think I
came out in like a football helmet for
some reason I don't know why but it was
me right it was just me like the zany
cheesy dad joke me right that was me and
I remember it went really well and we
like you know that conference went well
and yeah I know we got some articles or
something
and I remember me saying I'm going to be
a grownup CEO now I'm going to get a
speaking coach and the speaking coach
looked at me and said Nick you're way
too too like whatever this is you talk
too fast you're too high energy you're
too
unscripted why are they all these memes
and jokes and gifs in your talk and she
said write out your talk stand in one
place like a little bit like a
politician get elect turn is that that's
the thing is that what it's called elect
turn I don't know and stand there and so
you can go watch on YouTube on game
pulse 2014 my worst keynote ever by far
it's like so stiff so boring right it
was literally I was bored while I was
doing it that's big part of like
speaking or being yourself like you
don't want to be bored with yourself
right so what do we do a game site we
just Embrace this weird company that we
are did carp karaoke with AAR in the CEO
box I literally made a rap video rap
single it's on Spotify there probably
been five downloads so far all them my
mom but um you know like we made a rap
single about customer success we did
Taylor Swift many many parodies we did a
Ted lasso spoof called Ned Sasso I don't
make this up right this is
legit and so I just say being yourself
is very powerful right like you hold
yourself back and try to be somebody
else like try to be me or anyone else
here in this conference be yourself
maybe that's somebody really analytical
maybe that's somebody about empathy and
warmth maybe it's somebody that's you
know trying to have fun on stage
be yourself right so just to close this
out before we do AMA I just feel like
overall we don't talk enough about
mistakes in Tech and many of us make
them right many of us make them but we
don't openly talk about that many of
these speeches here about how amazing
things are how we're all doing so well
let's show up into the right charts
let's be honest this year a lot of
mistakes have been made last year a lot
of mistakes have been made sometimes
it's nice to open up that conversation
we can all be a little more human first
together so thank you for listening this
awesome
than